README.md, before:

# Hi there 👋

I'm Helder, a software developer mainly focused on C++. 


## My Languages & Tools

Comfortable with the following:

[![My Languages & Tools](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=c,cpp,python,rust,bash,cmake,linux,vscode,docker&theme=dark)](https://skillicons.dev)

Have dabled a bit, interested in learning more:

[![My Languages & Tools](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=zig,golang,haskell&theme=dark)](https://skillicons.dev)

Used more extensibly in the past, but not recently:

[![My Languages & Tools](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=matlab,latex,raspberrypi&theme=dark)](https://skillicons.dev)


## Some cool stuff in the making
- [hdlib](https://github.com/helderTZ/hdlib) - various C++ algorithms, containers and goodies
- [seapeapea](https://github.com/helderTZ/seapeapea) - a C++ code exploration tool using libclang
- [easy_rand](https://github.com/helderTZ/easy_rand) - a Rust FFI crate that wraps rand() and srand() libc functions
- [biggerints](https://github.com/helderTZ/biggerints) - implements `uint128_t` and `uint256_t`
- [rorth2](https://github.com/helderTZ/rorth2) - an implementation of the Forth programming language (subset) in Rust


## My Github Stats
[![My GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=helderTZ&show_icons=true&theme=vue-dark)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

Commit message:

Update README.md with Hare while experiment

README.md, after:

# Hi there 👋

I'm Helder, a software developer mainly focused on C++ with some Python on the side 🐍 (and a pinch of Rust 🦀).  


## My Languages & Tools

Comfortable with the following:

[![My Languages & Tools](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=c,cpp,python,rust,bash,cmake,linux,vscode,docker&theme=dark)](https://skillicons.dev)

Have dabled a bit, interested in learning more:

[![My Languages & Tools](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=zig,golang,haskell&theme=dark)](https://skillicons.dev)

Used more extensibly in the past, but not recently:

[![My Languages & Tools](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=matlab,latex,raspberrypi&theme=dark)](https://skillicons.dev)


## Some cool stuff in the making
- [hdlib](https://github.com/helderTZ/hdlib) - various C++ algorithms, containers and goodies
- [seapeapea](https://github.com/helderTZ/seapeapea) - a C++ code exploration tool using libclang
- [easy_rand](https://github.com/helderTZ/easy_rand) - a Rust FFI crate that wraps rand() and srand() libc functions
- [biggerints](https://github.com/helderTZ/biggerints) - implements `uint128_t` and `uint256_t`
- [rorth2](https://github.com/helderTZ/rorth2) - an implementation of the Forth programming language (subset) in Rust
- [Hare with while loops](https://github.com/helderTZ/hare-with-while-loop) - hacked the Hare compiler to allow while loops


## My Github Stats
[![My GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=helderTZ&show_icons=true&theme=vue-dark)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
